So, are you saying that you don't want me
to meet a man who is better off than your husband?
So, it's only fair if I meet someone worse than your husband?
Of course!
That is the law of the universe.
The order of the world.
I'm going.
Law of the universe? Order of the world?
Honey!
Oh, Ah Jung!
Whenever I ignore my brain and act impulsively,
there's always trouble.
Honey, I'm here.
Sister-in-law, you've come just in time.
What have I just done?
Oh! Stomach, my stomach!
Honey.
Hold on...
Why don't you say that again?
Mr. Hyun Gi Joon, what I'm saying is...
What?  Honey?
Mr. Hyun Gi Joon,
It's a misunderstanding. A misunderstanding!
A misunderstanding?
I didn't mean to...
I'm sorry. Unknowingly, I'd already...
Ah Jung, I'll see you next time.
So Ran,  let's go together!
Hey, hey!
I'll take you.  Are you alright?
Hey!
Hey, brother. What's wrong with you?
What are you doing?
It's a lover's spat.
No, it's not what you're all thinking!  It's not like that!
You're having stomach pains?
Please?
Driving me crazy.
Honey, are you okay?
I'm coming.
I'm fine.  Leave me alone!
Hey!  Hey!  Hey!
Honey, quickly, get in the car!
Oh...  I know already.
Thank you for the help.
Even if you're going down, you'll be doing it in a grand style.
Fine, you're Yoo So Ran and I'm just Gong Ah Jung.  You're so great!
"Just quickly leave, Honey!"
You... are you alright?
I am fine, still haven't gone crazy yet.
Should I call a taxi for you?
There's no need.  I came here by car.
Oh right, what am I doing here?
What happened exactly?
-= Episode 3 =-
Where is he?
He said he'll be outside working the whole day.
Out? Where?
I can't tell you.
Tell him that if he still wants his position, he should hurry back.
Hurry!
Yes.
So,
you were so scared by her words that you ran all the way here?
Hey, doesn't the chairman always mean what she says?
What should I say if I go down right now?
That there's a crazy woman who is going around spreading nonsense,
and I know nothing about it, despite it happening in my own hotel?
That I just stupidly watched her
confirm all those rumors?
And that right now, my insides are in turmoil
and I'm about to go crazy pretending that nothing is going on?
Should I explain it to her this way?
I'm sorry. This is all my fault.
It was my fault for suggesting that you work things out with her,
before the chairman does.
Alright.
Tell her that I will see her tomorrow.
But...
should we try talking to Gong Ah Jung again?
That woman is making me look like a fool!
I'll make her regret it.
But still, I feel bad for Gong Ah Jung.
Park Hoon.
No matter what,
we can't let the chairman find out about this matter, right?
Do you think the chairman will ignore it?
Now, Gong Ah Jung is really in deep trouble.
If the chairman becomes aware of the rumor,
she might go crazy, just like last time.
Don't exaggerate.
I'm definitely not exaggerating and you know that.
How did it work?
The Chairman said he will see you to talk about what happened yesterday.
You've come.
Why is everyone saying that you're already married?
It's just a rumor.
A rumor?
My friends just misunderstood it.
How dare they joke about someone like you!
Who is it? Isn't that woman called Ah Jung?
How do you know her name?
The last time I checked, this place wasn't a rumor mill.
You can still joke about it at a time like this?
Gong Ah Jung is also a victim.
Victim?
I heard she was at your party yesterday.
It is a rumor mill, after all.
You're misunderstanding things.
You're just covering up for this woman, aren't you?
I'm not covering up anything. It's the truth.
That Gong Ah Jung,
with the rumor about me getting married floating around, it must be good for her.
It's not that big, so don't worry about it.
It's just an accident.
Then, what's your relationship with that woman?
No one reported that to you?
There is no relationship of any kind at all.
If there isn't,  why are you so agitated?
You think I don't know you?
Chairman... No, Aunt. This is my personal affair.
So?
I'll handle my personal affairs myself.
Since you say you can resolve this,
then see to it.
Sorry for troubling you.
Don't let people go around talking behind your back.
No matter what, you are the company's image.
Yes.
I'm just asking on the off chance...
You're not the one making up these rumors, are you?
What?
Because I keep telling you to get married,
are you resorting to this petty trick to avoid the matchmaking sessions?
You watch too many dramas.
Is it that obvious?
Don't let other people find out.
No matter what, the president represents our company's image.
So, you really don't have any relationship, whatsoever?
Aunt, please take care.
How did it go?
Get me an appointment with that lawyer immediately.
Are you absolutely sure that he's the best?
Aren't all lawyers the same?
But, do you really want to litigate?
There's no reason not to do that now, is there?
I'm going up first. Come after you have parked the car.
Yes.
Is something wrong?
Excuse me... aren't you Ah Jung's husband?
That's right.  Don't you remember me?
Yesterday, at the hotel.
Nice to meet you. I'm Chun Jae Bum.
Chun Jae Bum.
Looks like Ah Jung didn't mention anything about me to you, huh?
Yes, looks like the two of you have a very close relationship.
Of course, we've even lived together before.
Ah, we used to live in the same dorm.
Haha, looks like you were really surprised.
But, what are you doing here?
Do you need a lawyer?
No.
Is that so?
Aren't you getting on?
Let me make this clear.
I'm not Gong Ah Jung's husband.
=The elevator door is closing.=
What does he mean, not Ah Jung's husband?
Then... aha, really! Then, Mrs.?
He doesn't want me to call Ah Jung by her name!
He wants me to call her Mrs.!
Ah... seriously!
Mrs. Ah Jung.
What's wrong? Wasn't he available?
Find me another lawyer.
Chun Jae Bum told me that he has a close relationship with Gong Ah Jung.
What? He's close to Gong Ah Jung?
Look at what kind of lawyer you've picked. Did you even look into it seriously?
That... I'll look for a new one immediately.
Almost got a cat to look after the fish.
I thought it was suspicious, the way she confidently asked me to show some evidence.
It could even be that the lawyer is guiding her through all of this.
Don't tell me... those two are in it together?!
It's definitely suspicious.
President, should we report it to the police?
Get the police involved in it?
Are you Gong Ah Jung?
Yes.  What's wrong?
- You're under arrest on charges of marriage fraud.
- No!
- If you have anything to say, convey it through your lawyer.
No!
I was wronged! Save me, save me! I really didn't!
I really didn't!  Ajussi, ajussi!
(Ajussi - Older man, uncle)
I was wronged! I really didn't, I didn't! Save me!
Your eyes look like they're emitting laser beams.
Is the budgeting done,
Affairs Officer?
Were you thinking about something erotic just now?
What?
Although I can't comment on people's private lives,
the way you're looking at the handcuffs so intently,
it's a bit...
Why don't you suffer some beatings? With a belt.
Why?
Why is it so quiet?
Not a single call all day.
Normally, it would be so chaotic.
I get more restless when it's this quiet!
Hello, yes, yes.
Affairs Officer, Affairs Officer!
There's someone waiting for you downstairs.
He finally came.
He said he's your husband.
Then, I'll be getting off work first.
Husband?  Really?
Husband.
Yes, right.
When did she get a husband?
Jackpot!
What should I do...?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
This is so sudden, what should I say?
He's not here.
Who are you looking for?
It's you!
Are you happy or disappointed?
What?  Husband, husband.
Saying I'm your friend sounds tacky.
Friend?
Would it be better if I said I was your younger brother?
You sort it out.
I'm her younger brother.
Yes.
So... He's not, right?
Of course. Where would she get a husband?
How desperate she must have been!
You like this kind of thing?
Right, I bought a cell phone.
Save my number, okay?
If only I had a phone, then we wouldn't have lost each other yesterday.
You're so shameless! How can you blame it on the cellphone?
You can vent on me while you eat.
You wait and see.
But, was the person you said you were going to dump, Hyun Gi Joon?
Why do you care? You said you'd help me, but you ran away.
No, it's not like that... I'm just worried.
I went to put out the fire, but ended up adding fuel to it instead.
I was just there but the timing wasn't right...
Hyun Gi Joon.
He must be thinking that I'm a very strange woman.
It does look kind of deliberate.
He's definitely very angry, right?
It is hard to think of it as a joke.
It doesn't look like it, but he's really good at pretending to be refined.
I know him a bit.
What? Are you going to lie and tell me that you're his younger brother?
It will be believable since you share the same surname.
You don't buy it, huh?
I need to migrate!
Just apologize, acknowledge your mistake, and sort things out properly.
It's not like he can kill a person who's apologizing to him.
I ain't joking. Apparently the whole of Korea's fate rests on this one businessman.
That's hard to say.
Hey, either you joke or you comfort me. Don't make me anxious by doing both!
What is it?
Lower your voice.
Ah Jung!
Recently, we keep bumping into each other, huh?
Is So Ran okay?
It's just stomach cramps due to stress.
It will get better with a few days of treatment.
She's been quite busy preparing to go abroad.
Is she going somewhere?
She's going to Canada to continue her studies.
She's going alone?
This is a macaroon, right? Is it tasty?
Yeah
I should buy some macaroons for her.
For So Ran?
Yeah, she keeps saying she's in pain. So, I thought I should buy this for her.
Oh, right. I bumped into your husband.
Ah, really?
Did he say anything?
I addressed you by your name and he seemed angry with that.
It would be strange to call you Madam, right?
So Ran is going abroad next month.
We should go for a couples date before she leaves.
Um, we'll see when the time comes.
Wait a moment.
"When the time comes?" What are you trying to do here?
I don't know.
They're gone?
They didn't even say goodbye.
Drink up!
The more I think about it, the more I feel she is to be pitied.
How desperate must she have been to resort to having her brother pose as her husband?
Does Officer Gong have a brother?
Hasn't she already said that it's a cousin?
Praise her and she gets all pompous.
It's really pathetic!
To be honest, a career isn't everything to a woman, isn't that right?
You're still bearing a grudge from that sightseeing incident?
Do I look like someone who would hold a grudge against subordinates?
Yes.
- How can it be?
- No, no.
No? Sunbae you're all...
I'll be honest, I don't hate Gong Ah Jung.
The problem is the personnel selection that simply selects, it's not Gong Ah Jung's fault!
It's not a crime to not know your own capabilities.
But, Officer Gong's level is not too bad, isn't it?
Not bad? It's bad enough to refer to her brother as her husband.
It seems to be a joke!
This kind of joke exposes her inner fears.
Aren't you leaving?
You could get kidnapped by bad people.
I stayed in that examination hall for two whole years.
It must have been hard, huh?
No, I felt very happy,
because I was together with the person I liked.
Because I really, really liked that person,
I wanted him to see my good side.
But I didn't know how.
So I decided,
that I would confess to him when the examination results came out.
But something happened...
And then?
On that day, I saw him with another woman.
Funny?
Isn't that interesting?!
He's the person we just met, right?
Aren't I very silly?
Why take the test?
I shouldn't have taken that test...
I should have gone for plastic surgery or something, right?
Taking an exam for the sake of love
seems like something you would do.
We've only known each other for a few days.
Is it that important for two people to spend time together?
You could be together for a lifetime and still be unable to understand each other.
I'm quite envious of that person.
Why hasn't a woman ever tried to pass a test for me?
I'm a very persistent woman, you know.
Ah, it's really nice here.
I feel a bit cold.
I'll leave first.
Buy me a cup of coffee, okay?
I feel like having a cup of coffee.
Miss, please buy me some coffee.
What happened?  What happened?
I'll give this to you if you buy me a cup of coffee, okay?
Hyung!
Those cheapskates!
Can't you even buy me a cup of coffee?!
Stop running!  I'm tired!
We should have just bought him some coffee. Why did you run?
I was scared because I didn't have any change.
Ah, really!
Where's your house?
Over there, just five minutes away.
Hold on, I'm really exhausted.
Usually, students who live in the school,
must leave their luggage there, right?
That way, they can live properly.
On the Register of Names of Republic of South Korea,
there is only one person whose residence is in Shimlin-dong.
It's my dad.
Oh, ajusshi is really tenacious huh?
Hey, I'm really exhausted.
Let's go.  I'm going back home.
Do you need me to go with you, in case anything else happens?
Buy me a cup of coffee, okay?
Well, you are really scary.
I'm leaving.
My legs!
I'm so dead tired.
Mister.
Yes?
What day is it today?
Today? The 16th.
Looks like I forgot.
Are you busy?
Is it an important day?
It's been a long time since I've been here.
How's your life, Oh Yoon Joo?
Thank you! I forgot it's my birthday today.
Yoon Joo, do you really have to leave?
Can't you stay here forever?
I've already been here for three years.  It's time to return.
Furthermore, the conditions are very good.  It will be a pity to reject it.
Oh. That's too bad, then.
Should we have a party?
A party? Together with our friends?
Hmm...
These are your Li Cultural Experience Group documents.
Are you planning to travel?
No.
Right now, I really want to drop everything and just leave the country.
What's wrong?
It's obvious he's angry, but why is it so quiet?
I'm talking about guys. Is it intentional?
Is your husband like this too?
This...  I'm not too sure. Usually he's busy, I guess.
Busy. This... I'm not too sure.  Is he busy?
Busy.
Right!  This is it!
He's a leading businessman of South Korea.  Of course, he's busy.
How come I didn't think of that?
What happened?
Everything's solved.
I found the answer. I was just wasting my time worrying.
Anyway, it seems you solved it because of me,
so treat me to a cup of coffee, okay?
Sure.
Chief Executive's looking for you.  He wants you downstairs now.
Why?
I don't know.
Oh, okay.
What happened to you?
Because of the cultural event last time,
you are feeling very embarrassed, correct?
The Department of Culture has wronged you by saying your negligence caused the accident.
So, I said it can't be simply settled like this.
I insist on treating you for lunch.
Let's have something expensive, okay?
Where are we going to eat?
World Hotel.
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
Why THERE of all places?
This can't be.  I must think of a plan.
What do I do if he sees me?
What happened to you?
It's nothing.
It should be okay, right?
Affairs Officer Gong Ah Jung.
Huh...?
The minister said that you even had to write a letter of apology because of us.
So treat this meal as our apology. We're really sorry.
Don't mention it. Thank you for your kindness.
Go ahead, eat.
Are you okay?
I can't even have my meal in peace.
Could you hold on for a minute, please?
Let's talk a bit...
Just for a while.
What brings you here?
Just a quick talk, there are too many people here.
Just a while.
Remove your hand and we'll talk.
Are you intent on destroying me?
I wanted to apologize to you.
I'm really sorry. I didn't do it on purpose.
You didn't do it on purpose?
Right, absolutely not.
I previously told my friend that I got married.
That day, because of her, it was a spur of the moment thing.
Gong Ah Jung, I don't care about your personal problems.
You must think I'm weird.
Why should that matter to you?
It does, at least I don't want you to misunderstand.
Please give me one more chance.  I'll explain properly.
No need, don't worry about it.
So, you mean you're not angry anymore?
What was that?
Don't thank me, I haven't started yet.
Your intuition is correct. Ah Jung's husband is not Hyun Gi Joon.
I asked the staff.  Although they didn't say, it feels like it isn't.
No, she married Hyun Gi Joon.
What? Really? How do you know?
I saw them together.
Things have been simply reversed!
Double reverse!
But, why does everyone say so?
It's certainly because of the chairman.
Does she oppose Ah Jung? Why?
What is Ah Jung in the eyes of the rich? So Ran isn't.
I'm a bit tired.
Okay, you'd better rest. Let's go.
Why? Didn't we just get here?
Hurry, get up!
I can understand So Ran's feelings. Even I'm jealous.
Furthermore, it's So Ran.
Is So Ran sick because of Ah Jung?
No, Ah Jung is starting to make me regret my whole life.
Why?
Don't you know that you're really annoying?
Tell me, I am very curious.
Really, in the future, I'm not going anywhere with you.
I was passing by, so I came to visit.
It's okay.
Waffles.
Are you mad at me?
I have no appetite right now.
Didn't you say you wanted to take a sniff?
Says who?
Sunbae... your husband said so... we met when buying this.
I thought he bought this for you.
I just mentioned it.  I really don't dare to talk too him much.
Give it to me.
Your wish must have been fulfilled.
Didn't you want to eat waffles together with Jae Bum?
It's all in the past.
How did you meet?
We just met there coincidentally.
I'm talking about your husband.
Yeah, it was really a coincidence.
Meeting Hyun Gi Joon coincidentally, you sure are lucky!
So Ran, I... honestly...
Right. Gong Ah Jung, tell her honestly that you're not married.
I'm actually...
Lying, right? Isn't that right?
You lied and told Hyun Gi Joon that you're pregnant, didn't you?
This girl is really bad.
Otherwise, how could you marry Hyun Gi Joon?
So Ran, I heard you want to study abroad. I heard it from sunbae.
Omo, you guys haven't met in a long time
and both of you are already talking about me?
No.  I asked about you, and he told me.
You're so funny. What are you expecting, exactly?
What are you planning to do to my husband while I'm not around?
I'm simply speechless.
No. Then, why did you buy that, to infuriate me?
Infuriate you?
Don't tell me you're really worried about me?
It's exactly that kind of behavior that makes people want to rebuke you.
Don't you know that all the women in Korea want your husband?
I'm glad if I misunderstood.
Don't blame me in the future because I'm not good enough for Jae Bum.
Of course, you are Jae Bum's wife from the beginning. Whereas, I am...
The way I see it, the matter is not related.
Look at me.  Haven't I found my other half?
Seems like those laws of the universe have finally been reversed.
Everything's useless, right?
Aren't you busy?
Hmm... I'm not that busy.
Why am I idling around like this?
What is this feeling?
This is really good. I'll finish this before I leave.
I have to go. Have a good rest.
I am leaving first.
Ah, really...
This type of feeling is a first for me!
It's raining. Did you bring an umbrella?
Of course I'm prepared.
Where's Suk Bong?
Sang Hee will bring it to me.
Placing it here will do.
What's this?
Somebody I know asked me to promote the sauna for him.
Is it okay to put it here?
An 80% discount coupon!
President, you should take a few!
No.  I'll pass this time.
You don't like going to the sauna?
Uh... Actually, I've never been to one.
Really? There can't possibly be someone who hasn't been to a sauna!
Anyway, there's no one to go with.
Do you want to go together?
I'm saying, it's really fun there.
After going once,
you can go there alone without worries.  Go, just go.
Okay, if I have time.
No need. Let's just go today.
Today?
A rainy day like this,
it's best to go there to warm up the body.
Do you want to go?
Afraid of spoiling the ambiance, afraid of spoiling the ambiance.
Why should I go there?
Talking about what ambiance?
If not, call Sang Hee and tell him to come.
Sure, it should be fun.
It'll be fun. I'll give him a call now.
Welco...
Not closed yet?
Haven't you said that you've got something on with those research students?
I just let them play amongst themselves.  I left by myself.
That...  Do you want to have some udon with me?
We'll go catch a movie after that.
What's wrong?
Okay, let's go.
Come out.
Sorry. We'll talk about it next time.
?  Not everybody can romance.  ?
?  Do you think that being in a relationship is easy?  ?
Stop singing, stop singing.
I haven't watched a late night movie in a long time.
Oh right, I'll phone Ah Jung.
Wait here for a moment.
Hello?
Where are you?
Okay, I know.
I'm sorry.  I have to go.
Lawyer Kang's wife has just passed away.
Are we leaving immediately?
If you want to take the KTX Express, you have to leave immediately.
What about you? Will you watch the movie on your own?
Okay, be careful going back home.
I'll call you when I've arrived. I'm leaving.
Oh dear! What should I do?
I didn't bring an umbrella.
Eating udon on a rainy day?
Go back after this drink.
Listen to me, jerk.
I, Hwang Suk Bong, after 47 years of my life, am in love for the first time!
But the torture of love is too painful.
Haven't I told you to give up?
Have you given up?
You haven't  given up either?
Are you able to give up on Yoon Joo? Rotten brat.
Hey, what's wrong with you again?
Let me give you a toast! Drink up quickly.  Don't be like this.
Acting according to your own wishes,
is your heart aching? Mine is, too.
What kind of business is this, on such a rainy day...?
How can he leave without even a backward glance?
Stop nagging!  You're not a recorder!
You still want to speak for yourself!
Shin Ae Kyung's life is really strange!
I used to be very popular.
Who told you to fall in love with a man who's already a father?
Who would expect that child to be so cruel?
You're right, I am that ruthless girl,
which is why I'm accompanying you in the middle of the night, instead of Dad, right?
This is quite a good place!
Let's come again.
I have many coupons.
If you want to get married, just get married.
Stop looking at my mood, just get married.
What are you saying?  We're so old already.
Why are you still talking about marriage?
Hey, I already said I won't get married. What's wrong with you?
Are you trying to kill me?
Still sleeping? I'm back!
Why are you back so early?
Didn't you say you're staying up late?
There were quite a lot of guests, so I came back.
Go back to sleep.
I made you breakfast.  Go to sleep after you eat.
I don't feel like eating.
I'll just nap a while, I still have to return to school.
Yesterday, I went out for you.
What do you mean by that?
Miss Shin Ae Kyung.
Oh, really?
Thank you!
What's wrong?  Did she say something?
"How can he leave without even looking back? Life is sure fickle!"
Amongst all your friends, father you seem the oldest.
Don't say that.
If he covers his hair, your father is youthful looking too!
Youthful?!
Hey, you don't believe it?
Take a look.  I'm not just a youthful face,
I'm talented, too!
What's wrong again?
That... Didn't Ajumma talk to you about marriage?
She has already come this far. I think she wants to marry you, right?
Isn't it right?
We're just friends now, friends.
Already so old, but still calling each other "friends". Disgusting!
Hurry up and eat breakfast!
What is this?
Weren't you firmly against the idea of us marrying before?
How... How was it? Under last night's heavy rain?
Did you have fun?
Yeah. The sauna really wasn't bad, and was quite clean too.
You went to the sauna?
Didn't you say you'll go with me?
It's not like that, let me explain.
Really, I'm disappointed.
Suk... Suk Bong ah, it's a mis... misunderstanding.
I don't care who's the client.  Hurry, come over.
I'm telling you to hurry over now!
What? You can't come?
Come over immediately!
Congratulations, congratulations!
Congratulations!
Why did you guys come here?
Jae Bum gave us a call.
Would your husband let you be discharged by yourself?
He called and implored us to take good care of you.
Really?
Aren't you touched?
I'm touched.
You really did as she said.
Of course not!
Sorry, I only have this here.
There are still such good things here?
And you're saying, "I only have this"?
I originally wanted to drink this on last year's wedding anniversary.
So why didn't you?
Because Jae Bum bought a better one.
Showing off again.
We really should have called Ah Jung!
Talking about her marriage would be very interesting!
Don't mention her.
Why? Something wrong happened?
You came to comfort me, but you're making me more furious.
What is it?
To be honest, you're actually very mean to Ah Jung.
What?
It's only us here, so there's no need to hide it.
Didn't you deliberately exclude Ah Jung?
Didn't you pretend to be her good friend and defend her?
You went behind her back and isolated her.
So Ran! Your hypocrisy hurts Ah Jung.
So what?
Why did you not say anything that time?  It's only now that you help speak up for her?
What's wrong with you? Can we not fight?
That's enough! Don't talk about it anymore.
I'm tired. Why don't you all leave now?
It's always like this!
Why open that bottle of wine?
Okay, let's go.
We'll leave you to drink alone.
I'm leaving.
Why did you mention Ah Jung in front of So Ran?
Don't tell me I was wrong.
No, I'm just saying...
So Ran needs to change.
With a good husband like Jae Bum, how can she be this dissatisfied?
That's right, if my husband were to dote on me that way, I'd carry him everyday.
Although I'm already very jealous of So Ran, I'm even more jealous of Ah Jung.
What is there to be jealous of?
She's already married yet she's still dedicated to her work. Of course I'm  jealous of her.
I'm not even jealous of So Ran.
Aigoo, just don't talk about it anymore.
Hello, this is Gong Ah Jung.
This is the front desk.  There is an express delivery that you must personally collect.
Okay...  I got it.
Ah, so busy.
Hello, I'm Gong Ah Jung.
Ah, please sign your name over here.
Please accept this.
Thank you, please take care.
You have worked hard.
Take care.
What's this?
Violated the agreement to denounce the rumours.
Intentionally damaging my reputation in my own company...
This guy, really...
Hyun Gi Joon!
President Hyun Gi Joon!
Excuse me, is there a problem?
I have something to discuss with your president.
I'm sorry, but the President is not here.
Then I'll just wait for him here.
There's no use waiting. If you have a problem then discuss it with our lawyer.
Lawyer? Isn't that too much?
I've already said it was a misunderstanding. I've even apologized!
What's the meaning of this?
He clearly said that it's all right.
Stabbing me in the back with a knife.
Really...
Please go back in.
Otherwise, I'll have no choice but to call someone.
At least explain to me what this is all about.
Security team.
This is the office of the  president's secretary.
There's a strange woman here.  The president is not around...
Miss, should we get you a taxi?
That's really...
If it really, really can't be, then forget it.
You said she already came.
Yes, I told her to go talk with a lawyer.
Did she agree?
She doesn't have any other choice.
What is it?
It's nothing.
I didn't think she would give up so easily.
What?
She is a woman who does not make sense.
I thought she wouldn't give up so easily.
No, how come you sound as if you're disappointed?
Park Hoon.
She might come back.
Why don't you go to the main entrance and stop her from leaving?
Do you want to announce that we've chased away our guests?
Right, that is also a possibility.
Just let them be a bit more vigilant.
Yes.
Is the president inside?
Yes, how can I help you?
The guest who checked into the single occupancy room,
has never stopped complaining.
Is it a problem guest?
That's right.
I think the president should handle this matter by himself.
Park Ji Yoon.
What do you think you are doing?
You can't even solve this matter?
The guest in the single occupancy room...
is Ms. Gong Ah Jung.
Look at this pool of water.
You must be thinking that I'm a petty woman who complains over the smallest things.
But have you even considered that if I step in this pool of water...
I'd surely slip and fall?
At the very least, I'd have a concussion.
If something went really wrong, I could be partially paralyzed.
Or worse, I could die!
Too scary.
Omo, too scary.
I came to this very expensive room
just to bleed to death?
Did I come here to die?
If you're not well, we'll send you to the hospital immediately.
No, I don't need to go to the hospital.
Get your president over here.
President!
Guest.
You're making things difficult for us.
Is it not enough?
Do you need me to make more noise?
Look at this puddle of water.
President Hyun Gi Joon.
Why is a couple's spat causing such a huge uproar?
What's the matter?
This broken thing came flying in.
What is this all about?
You should know.
Must you be like this?
Is there a reason not to be like this then?
Even your beloved evidence was found.
Matters are much easier now, thanks to your actions at the party that day.
Your act of fraud, telling people that I'm your husband,
was witnessed by more than twenty people.
What do you mean by "fraud"?
Do I have to repeat myself?
That time I was out of my mind.  I made a mistake.
That's not something I should be concerned about.
Mr. Hyun Gi Joon.
When you understand the situation, go and discuss it with the lawyers.
If you continue like this,
your situation will only get worse.
Can't we resolve this peacefully?
You had your opportunity,
but you lost it.
Think about it again.
Is it really impossible?
If you think twice, then you will just regret it twice, right?
Is there anything else you want to say?
Goodbye!
Marry me.
What did you say?
I'm not saying we should get married for real,
just pretend we got married.
No, no. What I mean is...
I don't want to do anything, I just want to keep the status quo.
Just for two months.
No... Even a month will do.
Miss Gong Ah Jung.
You want to sue me, right? Then okay, just sue me.
But, please just delay it for a while.
Do you really want to be humiliated?
It doesn't matter if I'm humiliated.
Whether you want to sue me or not, it's up to you.
I will accept it.
Please, let's be married for just one month.
Why should I do so?
Because I'm begging you!
My days are quickly coming to an end.
I have only one month to live.
So, I beg of you...
That's even more unacceptable!
Thank you for staying in our hotel, guest.
Next time I see you, it will be in court.
No.
What should I do? It can't end this way.
The day is coming to an end.
What exactly is she planning to do?
Welcome to World Hotel.
Therefore...
Did he say he'll sue you after a month?
Just one month.
Live as if the rumors are true.
is that request so difficult?
That's really...
Why must it be so!
To end it like this, isn't it an injustice?
I'm being sued because of these rumours, anyway.
At least I shouldn't have any regrets!
Yoo So Ran.
That wretched girl saw that my husband is Hyun Gi Joon,
and became speechless.
It's the first time I've seen her like that.
Just based on the fact that I'm married to Hyun Gi Joon,
she must have felt it's useless to play around with me.
I don't know how to say it.
This is so amusing!
In the end, it all happened because I wanted to take revenge on that person.
Yes... revenge.
Revenge for my three wasted years.
You are still angry, huh?
I'm so angry, I'm going crazy!
Because I'm too angry!
In the past three years, I haven't done anything at all.
I couldn't love... I couldn't date...
couldn't get married..
I didn't do anything.
I also couldn't like someone again.
Just forever alone like this.
Hey.
Why are you still crying?
You're attractive.
Even if you wanted to get married immediately,
it wouldn't be a problem for you.
I... It's not that I want to get married,
but to be already married!
Immediately.
This is a major issue.
Furthermore, the husband is Hyun Gi Joon.
Are you okay?
Hey... Hey...
Do you have any idea how expensive the rooms are here?
A stomach ache!
Oh my stomach! Oh, my head!
Where is this place?
Who is it?
Hey, why are you here?
Gong Ah Jung.
Do you really want to have a fake marriage with Hyun Gi Joon?
If that's what you really want,
I can help you out.
-=Next Episode Preview=-
Whatever the guest does, and whoever they do it with, is their own private business.
Is this woman mentally ill?
She obviously has a boyfriend.  Why does she still want a fake marriage with me?
This is among friends.
Go and apologize immediately.
It's already late to apologize.
If you don't come out immediately, I will tell your friends everything.
Use your mind and think. Why must I meet your friends?
Welcome to Korea.
Thank you... Thank you...
What do you mean you didn't see Chairman Cha?
Didn't you send someone to the airport?
Did not think you will get married with Yoon Joo.
Is it the end, after breaking off the engagement?
Then I...
To the Hyun Gi Joon, and also another one Oh Yoon Joo, is it?
I don't know that man!
You see?
It's a stalker, a stalker.
You said you won't prosecute anymore?
I've already said that it's for court reference.
Even if it's a lie,
in the future, please talk to me through my lawyer.
No! No!
The one who picked you, really claimed to be my wife?
Ah Jung, you have become really bad!
Ah Jung! Let's be more intimate in the future, okay?
Stop playing games.  Tell me your intention.
Honey, I'm here.